docs(mesh)[SEC-1079]: Mesh SLSA build provenance and image signatures for verification (#7231)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/mesh/features/index.md

You can [install {{site.mesh_product_name}} on Windows](/mesh/{{page.release}}/installation/windows/).
{% endif_version %}

{% if_version gte:2.7.x %}

## Docker container image signing

> Starting with {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.7.4, Docker container images are signed, and can be verified using `cosign` with signatures published to a Docker Hub repository. Read the [Verify signatures for Signed Mesh Images](/mesh/{{ page.release }}/features/signed-images/) documentation to learn more.

Author: done

{% endif_version %}

> {% if_version gte:2.7.x %}

Reviewer: Didn't we agree that should be pushed to 2.8.x ?

## Build provenance

Starting with {{site.mesh_product_name}} 2.8.0, {{site.mesh_product_name}} produces build provenance for Docker container images and binaries and can be verified using `cosign` / `slsa-verifier`.

> * Read the [Verify Build Provenance for Signed Mesh Images](/mesh/{{ page.release }}/features/provenance-verification-images/) to learn more.
> * Read the [Verify Build Provenance for Signed Mesh Binaries](/mesh/{{ page.release }}/features/provenance-verification-binaries/) to learn more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the following documentation to learn more:
*  [Verify build provenance for signed Kong Mesh images](/mesh/{{ page.release }}/features/provenance-verification-images/)
* [Verify build provenance for signed Kong Mesh binaries](/mesh/{{ page.release }}/features/provenance-verification-binaries/)
```

Author: done
